c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\obj\Debug\Insights.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Insights.dll.config
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Insights.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Insights.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\obj\Debug\Insights.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\obj\Debug\Insights.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Insights.Bll.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Insights.Bll.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Insights.Dll.dll
c:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Insights\Insights\bin\Insights.Dll.pdb
